feat(webpack5): update the storybook documentation (#254)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: source/docs/appendices/migration-guides.md

- [A quickorder module has been created to order by SKU](/docs/advanced/features/quickorder.html)
- Front-Commerce dependencies are now regularly (and automatically) updated using [Depfu](https://depfu.com/). Patches are automatically applied if the CI is green, minor versions are manually approved. We always review changelogs provided by Depfu. **You can review updates any time [by filtering Merge Requests tagged `depfu`](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests?scope=all&state=merged&label_name[]=depfu).**

### Storybook 6

Your styleguide is now powered by Storybook 6. 

This induces several changes in your custom stories.

> - The organization of stories is now only manageable with `/`, please set your story name like this : `section/path/of/your/story/Component`

Author: The storybook codemod fails but I added this change to a FC codemod "storybook6". 
This codemod has been added to the migration guide.

> - As knobs are now deprecated, we highly encourages you to use controls from now on. see [the official documentation for more details](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-knobs)

Reviewer: Due to the impact, I think further references would be needed here. Examples:
- https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/addons/controls/README.md#how-do-i-migrate-from-addon-knobs
- https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/essentials/controls
- https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/discussions/15060

Also a diff summarizing how to do it (from one of our updated component for instance) would make things clearer for FC.

Finally, I think we should mark it as deprecated in FC until 3.0 and document it here so that integrators can plan the migration on their side (it's not strictly needed when upgrading to 2.11)

Author: I did not write this doc as I don't understand myself how to do this migration and maintain everything working

> - The way to import markdown files in stories has changed, please move from `import readme from "./readme.md";` to `import { html as readme } from "./readme.md";`

Reviewer: Now that we have codemods tooling in place. Wouldn't it be something quite fast to implement? So that developers would only have to run one command during the migration.

A `sed` command one-line could also makes the job here though…

I have no idea of how many instances we had in our codebase and if that was tedious or not.

Also, for such changes we usually use `diff` syntax to make it easier to scan and understand by developers (we got positive feedbacks for this practice):
```suggestion
- The way to import markdown files in stories has changed, please update your code as below:
```diff
- import readme from "./readme.md";
+ import { html as readme } from "./readme.md";
```
```

Author: import change added to a codemod (usage specified in the migration guide)

- [A quickorder module has been created to order by SKU](/docs/advanced/features/quickorder.html)
- Front-Commerce dependencies are now regularly (and automatically) updated using [Depfu](https://depfu.com/). Patches are automatically applied if the CI is green, minor versions are manually approved. We always review changelogs provided by Depfu. **You can review updates any time [by filtering Merge Requests tagged `depfu`](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/merge_requests?scope=all&state=merged&label_name[]=depfu).**

### Storybook 6

Your styleguide is now powered by Storybook 6. 

This induces several changes in your custom stories.

- The organization of stories is now only manageable with `/`, please set your story name like this : `section/path/of/your/story/Component`
- As knobs are now deprecated, we highly encourages you to use controls from now on. see [the official documentation for more details](https://storybook.js.org/addons/@storybook/addon-knobs)
- The way to import markdown files in stories has changed, please update your code as below:
```diff
- import readme from "./readme.md";
+ import { html as readme } from "./readme.md";
```

> Front-commerce provides a codemod to automatically migrate the hierarchy and readme imports. Run `npx jscodeshift -t scripts/codemod/transforms/storybook5-to-storybook6.js <module_path>` to make the necessary replacements in all .story.js files.

Reviewer 2: > Run `npx jscodeshift -t scripts/codemod/transforms/storybook5-to-storybook6.js <module_path>` to make the necessary replacements in all .story.js files

You can replace the `npx jscodeshift -t scripts/codemod/transforms/storybook5-to-storybook6.js <module_path>` with `front-commerce codemod -t storybook5-to-storybook6`, If the `storybook5-to-storybook6` codemod [exports the extensions](https://gitlab.com/front-commerce/front-commerce/-/blob/d0f09f27add2a6da50a7c427338deec0eee419d8/scripts/codemod/transforms/storybook5-to-storybook6.js#L67), then it will only run on `*..story.js` files. and it will scan folders based on the .front-commerce.js configuration.

Author: command changed
